everyone want me to another exciting
episode of the movieclips instant
trailer review show I'm Jimmy and I'm
David and so this isn't really an
instant trailer review because this came
out on Friday but if in case you've been
living under a rock the Star Wars
Episode 7 the force awakens teaser
trailer dropped on Friday we were home
for Thanksgiving now it's much where
were you when you first watch it I was
what I was refreshing over and over to
wait for this trailer I was so excited I
mean it's unprecedented what this
trailer is like we've been waiting for a
good Star Wars movies probably since the
80s even though we've seen The Phantom
Menace but we're waiting for a good good
Star Wars might I'll be honest with you
I enjoyed all the prequels I know them
I'd be sacrilege to some of you what I
really think is interesting is that this
movie is arguably the most anticipated
movie of all time
the trailer is arguably the most
anticipated movie trailer of all time
because quite frankly we didn't know
anything about it because Lucas and
company considers all the books and
video games and everything else no
longer part of the Star Wars canon so
this is our first official look at the
new expanded universe true we saw the
black and white photo of the cast
everybody's sitting around and we know
you know john boyega's in this and daisy
ridley i believe and we don't know what
the names of these characters are we
don't know how much screen time they
have we know Harrison Ford hurt his
ankle but we don't know how much screen
time he has so anyway without further
ado let's just dive right in so and we
burst the first time I saw this this
opening shot notice or if you pause for
a second I'll be on about 12 seconds in
and we just now see something I mean
there was complete blackness for the
first 11 second I did I did
hypothesize before seeing this that
there was going to be like maybe 10
seconds of actual footage so I thought I
thought it was gonna be way more a lot
more title cards and black there was
definitely a ton of black
byah I'll be honest with you the very
first time I saw this and heard this
this voice over there has been an
awakening I kind of like rolled my eyes
a little bit but I sort of got over that
very quickly after john boyega's
character popped up here so now we pause
now we don't fully know who the
voice-over is a lot of it sounds like
Benedict Kant Cumberbatch playing Khan
just like Star Trek right darkness but
all the film blog
right now say it's Andy Serkis who is in
and again on an unnamed role yeah now
one thing that is very interesting about
this shot and we can touch upon it later
is it is it's our first look at the new
stormtrooper outfit which is great it's
very cool it's very modernized we have
to assume these on Tatooine but what is
really interesting about this is if you
remember in attack of the clones we
learned that all of the stormtroopers
are clones and of Boba Fett okay Apophis
of Jango Fett however obviously john
boyega's character is not Jango Fett nor
see a clone and Leia kind of touches
upon it a little bit saying aren't you a
little short for a stormtrooper in a new
hope so we don't know if he's actually a
stormtrooper yeah we don't know if he's
pretending I need to put the costume on
the same way Luke did and Harrison Ford
did and a new hope but it's cool and it
and that shot is also really like a
classic JJ Abrams shot where he has some
people pop up and look around he does a
lot he did a lot in lost and Star Trek
there's there's similar things this
droid here I think is just absolutely
amazing
he reminds me you know World Cup salute
it's like hey we love soccer so let's
make a droid well it's funny someone
someone pointed out that all the r2
units so the r2d2 all the way to are 10
there's an r1 through our 10 series
droid so people are calling this the s-1
droid which would be like the new
generation of the the new series of
automation droids what is kind of
interesting about the s-1 name is it
also those times to sort of like the
soccer ball look of this but one thing
that keep people keep talking about and
I'd noticed a lot is the the very close
look the the look is very similar to the
the Ralph McQuarrie concept bar from the
original Star Wars film where the r2
originally had like this ball bearing
underneath him and he could move around
in any direction so a lot of and and
people have been pointing to us this out
in so many places in this trailer
there's just so much that kind of is
pulling from that but I mean Tatooine is
a very popular destination than this
trail let's not forget the the pod
racing engine in the background is
pretty interesting as well right but
Tatooine Tatooine is very very popular
in this we can almost
almost you know half of the shots take
place on Tatooine so here's another look
at the stormtroopers and what's notice
all the stormtroopers are kind of
different heights yeah so I don't leave
it can't be clones if they're all very
differently and also the faces are
different they now have different it's a
I think really really a nice
modernization of the look it's a very
streamlined but yeah just really really
cool
also the guns are a little bit different
you know the old guns roads - all black
these have some white on them and some
LEDs looks like this is a better scope
and we don't really know what landing
gear is opening to if you go back it's
so hard to tell what they're opening -
it looks it could be indoors outdoors
nighttime we don't know they're
obviously preparing for something what's
so interesting about this trailer all
these shots these characters are so
panicked
everyone's urgently trying to go
somewhere and get away from something so
yeah it could that could be Khorasan it
could be Tatooine again and we don't
know then this is Daisy Ridley Daisy
Ridley's character here now some someone
pointed out I forget where I saw this
but someone had pointed out that she has
what appears to be some sort of Lance
like a lightsaber strapped on the end of
her I have a speeder bike that looks
similar to a lightsaber it could be some
sort of new lightsaber weapon obviously
we see a lightsaber weapon later on
that's that's very different than I
think we've seen but it also does remind
me somewhat of like a Tuscan Raider
staff yeah but they would they would use
I don't know she looks more like a she
looks more like a scavenger sort of sand
person and she's clearly rushing
somewhere she's panicking you know she's
trying to get out of there and it looks
like she's writing like a Domo or a
flash drive or something I mean this new
speeder bike is it's really really cool
yeah I mean we haven't seen you know
it's really great the the prequels gave
us sort of a look at the evolution of
all of the the industrial design that
led us to the to the new hope and the
original trilogy what's great about this
is we're gonna get to see what happens
afterwards and it's nice to see that
they're returning to this really dirty
yeah the beat up a turd
just broken look like things are pieced
together this parts missing and it's
really it's what Star Wars is all about
really cool against more black now if we
stop here this is Oscar Isaac inside
Llewellyn Davis now this symbol the
Rebel Alliance continues to exist which
is a huge a huge plot point which we
didn't really know what was going to be
of that was gonna be other rebels at
this point clearly there's probably
something they have to rebel rebel
against yeah we talked to roost like
there has there stormtroopers we can
assume that there's going to be rebels
fighting against them but you know this
this shot here for me just I I started
getting goose bumps and I watch this
dress yeah it looks so well but together
one thing that you never really get to
see except for like a few moments of it
in a new at the very end of a new hope
or not very end but towards the end of a
new hope when they're on Yavin is Star
Wars always shows the ships in space for
the most part this trailer does not show
anything in space it's all very
terrestrial yeah it's not it's it's just
something that we are not used to seeing
you know I almost let me think of any
shot that you can think of in Star Wars
of the ships they're always in space
you're never really seeing any sort of
thing especially in attack formation
like this in like on a planet which is
I'm really excited to see what happens
when when we start saying that and we
don't really know what minute this is
right now right there
now this okay I think this is Adam
driver based on the way he's walking and
his body size we know Adam drivers in
the movie and if you've ever seen Adam
driver and any on the TV show girls
around any movie he has this sort of
like way of walking and I just feel like
that's Adam driver but we don't know
right now this isn't like this light
saber just so cool yeah it looks like
something I Drive I was in 3rd grade
yeah I don't know how practical it is
because it looks like if you know if the
the beam would were to slide down it
would end up cutting all that it looks
homemade to that's the other thing it
looks like he made that what this
character made it himself it looks fiery
it doesn't look like an energy beam i
yeah a most lightsabers are which I
don't know if that's gonna be sort of
like the evolution of lightsabers
or what I'm thinking is this might be a
special lightsaber that can cut through
other lightsabers well that would be
cool
I don't know I mean like when I first
saw this I got chills because there's a
concept there was some concept that was
released about this or leaked about this
but seeing it in action is just
unbelievable and we assume Sith because
it because it's red yeah now this shot
also again instantly good money shot
gave me goosebumps I've never liked
upside down ever seen anything - yeah
again back on Tatooine
now we if you know the original
franchise you know million Falcon they
first meet han Solo in Mos Eisley and we
see the money in fall can leave Mos
Eisley but you know we don't ever see
again any sort of attack happening on a
planet yeah it's it's a except for okay
with the exception of Hoth I know you
guys are gonna string me up for not not
mentioning Han with the exception of hot
we don't see any attack on me but again
it's not a dogfight it's not ship on
ship its ship on you know walkers it's
also now these are TIE fighters yeah and
the TIE fighter is also to me look a
little different they look a little I
don't know sign to write I don't know if
it's the Sun or white but they look like
they could almost be like a you know
like a TIE fighter mark two or three or
something and the other thing that is
really cool to note about the Millenium
Falcon
well there's this different satellite
because you know it gets knocked off at
the end of Return of Jedi but the
coloring on the Millennium Falcon the
addition of the red on it is very again
reminiscent of the x-wings in a new home
yeah and the Rebel Alliance it's you
know familiar marking so we obviously
don't know who's piloting this yeah we
know why are some Ford's supposed to be
in this movie but what's also
interesting about this teasers we don't
see Luke Leia or Han or Chewie or anyone
early so we only see new cast members
which is clearly a choice by JJ Abrams I
also just want to go back really quick
one thing that I really applaud JJ
Abrams and company for doing is giving
their is that there is this very slight
light lens flare very very slight light
over there
but one thing I do
plot m4 is the realism that they're
they're injecting into this franchise
which has not it's not that it's never
been there but like this is never before
have we seen there's like physics like
an actual real real fully thought-out
physics and and and just camera
movements are so much more dynamic the
contrails that come off the back of this
are just amazing the way that again the
same thing in the the shower the x-wing
again like the water spray like it's
just very it's very visceral we don't we
haven't seen that in a Star Wars movie
really ever I mean so it's really
exciting to see how different this looks
now I got it I'm gonna just say one
thing about this title treatment layer I
honestly think that this is so
incredibly lame I'm just gonna be the me
no I will be the one to say it but why
because because just a very simple
movement no but it's not even about that
it's about the fact that the letters are
on top of the Star Wars logo as they're
just rotating it doesn't feel modern it
doesn't feel it just doesn't feel that
well-designed I'm just I'm just gonna
throw it out there
well something I noticed is we don't see
Lucasfilm Disney or bad robot logos
anywhere on this at least not the
beginning and most teaser trailers
always do that and it's also interesting
we don't see episode 7 anywhere
we got Lucasfilm very very small but we
didn't see a title card we didn't see
the opening Magic Kingdom Castle with
the star going over like we see for most
Disney products and then we have
December 2015 we don't have a nice act
date but we know it's coming out of
Christmas time yeah so what are your
whoa so what are your big takeaways from
that's like what are you now looking at
looking forward to what are you sort of
hoping they they show or don't show my
first thoughts when I expected the
trailer to be just a lot of slow shots
of like a lightsaber and then of the
Millennium Falcon and then maybe Luke
standing up some slow motion but this is
like completely would not what I
expected I mean just the fact that
everyone's like rushing and panicked and
it's like fast and energy and chaotic
and it's so interesting the way that
this is the direction they're going and
also that they're showing a lot I didn't
expect to see this much in a trailer so
that's pretty cool too
yeah
I didn't really know what to expect when
I was going into I just knew I was
shaking with excitement the trailer for
me
delivered above and beyond every single
one of my expectations what I'm what I'm
really looking forward to now is more of
the world more of the we got we got a
little bit of the look at the the desert
and Tatooine and some of the the promo
materials that JJ Abrams had released
with the force for change campaign but
I'm really just excited to see how much
more of the Star Wars universe he's
going to expand upon and let us into and
also it's really worth noting that with
the spin-off film plan we don't know
what the the plot of that's gonna be but
again it could really really we could
really get a lot out of this film and
and hopefully it it can shed some light
on really fleshing out the universe in
this new expanded way that now that
everything is no longer canon we need to
we need to really see more of it to
understand the implications of every one
of the characters actions yeah I'm
excited I trust JJ Abrams I thought he
did a great job with the Star Trek
movies and with all his movies really
mission impossible 3 super 8 I think
he's a talented talented director so I
can't wait for this movie yeah I can't
either but comment below let us know
what you think are you guys excited do
you think that this the the lightsaber
can cut through other things you are you
are you happy with JJ Abrams choice one
thing we didn't even touch touch on the
score this was original John Williams
score just for this this is amazing yet
just let us know what you think comment
below and as soon as any new information
comes out of us hours we'll be sure to
let you guys know and for Fandango movie
clips I'm Jimmy and I'm David thanks for
watching